hotspot Shield service makes your
internet browsing safer more secure and
fully private click now to learn more
welcome to a long overdue unboxing and
review this is the ducky shine 3 and as
with any unboxing we're gonna start with
the box itself and the content so the
first thing you find is cardboard it's
oh wait no there's actually a keyboard
in here that'll be important later in
all likelihood we've also got some
accessories including but not limited to
a WASD set of key cap replacements
alright we've also got a key cap puller
in order to apply said replacements if
we're not happy with the blacks limbs
that are already on there we've also got
a USB a 2 mini B cable that's wrapped up
in a nice little cable management thing
happens to be gold-plated although that
doesn't really matter and we've got a
replacement space bar if we don't like
the snake graphic on the stock space bar
last but not least so I guess we are
limited to the things that I just found
we have a registration thing for your
warranty as well as a user's manual
which you will need so the keyboard
itself I mean what is there to say that
every other reviewer in the world hasn't
said about ducky the build quality is
immaculate there's almost no flex to the
thing whatsoever it is extremely heavy
the keys have a very ah satisfying sound
to them just like you'd expect with a
mechanical keyboard but it's even better
with a solidly built mechanical keyboard
and of course there's the stuff that you
can't see such as the dual layer PCB
that's inside and the UV coated laser
printed ABS key cap so those are pretty
darn good as far as key caps go there
are better ones out there but they're
generally considered to be aftermarket
options on the back of the unit we find
4 rubber pads so that it doesn't slip
around on you as well as 2 little risers
if you prefer to have a bit more of an
angle to your keyboard we've also got
cable routing options for the detachable
USB cable so it can come out straight to
the right or to the left whatever you
prefer we also find our serial number on
the serial number on the back as well as
some dip switches more on those in just
a moment alright so while this might
not be the most user-friendly way to
implement different you know control
changes what these four little dip
switches do is they disable the Windows
key so it doesn't have like a gaming
mode button on the front you can
actually do that with a dip switch on
the back you can actually swap control
and capslock you can swap windows and
alt placements and if you want to to be
adventurous you can put it into demo
mode which might be more useful for
shopkeepers and less useful for
individuals who are buying thing what
demo mode does is it cycles through all
the different lighting modes and stuff
like that without actually any USB data
going back and forth it just makes it
take in power so it doesn't actually
work in demo mode
alright Linus it's a ducky so we know
it's extremely well built but tell me
about the features alright so it's
available in either a 104 key or a 10
key list that is to say without the
number pad layout it's available in a
variety of colors although we've only
got blue here today so blue red green
white magenta and orange for the LED
backlights and it's available in the
kind of the standard four key switch
type so that's brown red black and blue
that nice clicky sound it has shortcuts
for media keys although I think what
ducky means by that is volume up volume
down and mute because there's no play
pause or or track skip or anything like
that it also has an ease are classic
calculator computer email and Internet
shortcuts in the top right actually
gotta love that other than that most of
the labels on the keys are just for
controlling lighting and other advanced
functionalities such as changing the
repeat rate or how fast characters will
appear when you hold down a key and
changing the repeat delay or how long
until repeating begins in practice a
repeat delay above about 2x caused me to
double press spacebar just while I'm
typing but your mileage may vary on
these very cool functionality there
either way particularly for gaming over
all the configuration is completely
driverless but you will need the manual
to set it up it's not too bad though I
figured most of it out in about five
minutes alright but that's just the
regular features what about the lighting
this is a shine well we'll start with
the seven different modes which you
cycle through by using function
and s10 number one which you just saw
was a hundred percent on that
self-explanatory you can adjust the
brightness down here with the up and
down arrows and function and that's
about it in breathing you can use the
arrow keys to adjust both the speed and
the maximum brightness of the breathing
effect the range is very wide and it
should please pretty much anyone in wave
mode you can adjust the speed of the
wave but not the actual brightness of
the way so that's what you can see right
now and in snake marquee mode this one I
actually quite like you can change just
the speed of the snake but not the
brightness and it crawls around on the
keyboard like that in reactive mode you
can change both the pressed and non
pressed brightness so you can either
have the keys turn off and then fade
back in as you type or you can have them
be off and then turn on and fade away as
you type I think this one and ripple are
my personal favorites
speaking of ripple both it and Aurora
are cool modes that send out patterns
when you press on particular keys you
can adjust the speed of either effect
but only ripple can have the brightness
adjusted so this one right here is
Aurora which always runs on full
brightness you can see it sends out
horizontal waves now the spacebar is a
bit of a unique situation it only has or
rather it has one blue LED which matches
the color of your keyboard and it has
two RGB LEDs one on either side of the
blue one so you can change the color
effects of the spacebar by using the
insert home and page up along with
function to achieve pretty much any
color you could possibly want so it's
our G and B and you can mix them in
whatever way you find most pleasing or
turn those ones off and then another
option that you'll have by using the
custom configurations here so let's go
ahead and press function record one
where we can turn on or off whichever
keys on the keyboard we want so we can
turn on everything let's say okay let's
say for example you guys imagined so
function record one let's say you guys
imagined that I turned on everything
except the spacebar so I can either have
that middle one illuminated
or not illuminated and it's totally up
to me whether to have it at some of the
original color or none of it at all and
then you can recall those by using so
let's go ahead and stop recording by
just pressing function cm 1 or cm 2 and
that's on the f11 and f12 keys now if
you're anything like me and particularly
the first time around if you get just
overwhelmed at some point you just want
to go back to the dock all you have to
do is hold down both of the windows keys
for 3 seconds the keyboard flashes and
boom you are back to factory settings
and you can start tinkering again so the
conclusion for this is pretty simple if
you're looking for an extremely
well-built keyboard that's available in
a wide variety of configurations at
least some of which you're down to find
pleasing and you want the best lighting
features then I guess just go buy one
with that said the shine 3 is not cheap
it's well over $100 and given the spotty
retail store availability you'll likely
have to get it shipped to you so you're
probably looking at a hundred and fifty
dollar plus or minus investment it's
probably going to last forever however
so as long as you have the discipline to
not run and buy more mechanical
keyboards it really is addictive then
you may be able to justify the expense
for the faster more satisfying typing
experience that a mechanical keyboard
provides and you can treat yourself to
one that is particularly awesome as
always guys like this video if you liked
it dislike it if you just like to leave
a comment let me know what your thoughts
on mechanical keyboards in general and
the shine 3 in particular and as always
don't forget to subscribe to Linus tech
tips